# Boggle-Game
Copyright (c) 2015 Azzam Enajjar

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license. Please see LICENSE.md for full license terms.

Boggle Game is a timed word game where players try to find as many connected words as possible from a random set of letters. The game starts by shaking the phone to generate a valid grid of dice. A valid grid of dice contains at least one valid word in level easy and, at least, five valid words in level normal. A player selects a word by sequentially clicking on dice through multiple dice, and the program highlights selected dice sequentially. A player submits a word by clicking on a submit button, and the program checks the submitted word and informs the player if it is valid or not.
The game has two levels of difficulty: easy and normal. The game starts with level easy. In level easy, only a small number of adjacent dice (9 cube grid) are visible. This helps the player recognize words easier, whereas level normal contains a full grid of dice (16 cube grid).
The game has two modes: single-player mode and two-player mode. In the single-player mode, the game displays all found words, and when the time is up, the game displays the player’s total score. In the two player mode, both players use the same board in either basic or cutthroat mode. In basic network play, players use separate copies of the same board. In the cutthroat mode, both players work on the same board at the same time. If a word has already found by one player, then the other player is blocked from finding that word with the same sequence of dice. The game indicates the player upon a word is found by its opponent. When time is up, the player with higher score wins, the game lists the scores of the player and its opponent.
